*Chess Clock Trivia* is a trivia game where contestants answer questions within a certain time limit.

## Setup

1. Appoint a person to be the *Questioner*. This person should **not** be a contestant or be in any of the teams that
   are playing *Chess Clock Trivia*.
2. The *Questioner* should go to the website that is generated by this code.
    - One device should be connected to a projector screen (or allow all contestants to see the screen). This is the
      *Main Device*.
    - The other device (preferably a smartphone) should access the *Questioner* site. This is the *Questioner Device*.
3. The *Main Device* should show a suggested *Session ID* in pink. The *Questioner* may enter this ID into the input
   field, or pick a previous session ID.
4. Enter the same *Session ID* into the input field on the *Questioner Device*.
5. On the *Main Device*, enter values for the **Number of Players**, **Time Limit (in seconds)** and **Penalty Time
   (in seconds)**.
6. Change any of the teams' names by clicking on **Team XXX** and changing the text there.
7. Once all teams are ready, click **Start The Game!** on the *Main Device*.

## Protocol

Note: in general, the order of the contestants/teams should go from **left to right**, with the **first
contestant/team** being the **left-most** contestant/team. That contestant/team will go **first**.

### For Contestants/Teams

Here's the protocol to follow for contestants/teams in *Chess Clock Trivia*.

- Each contestant/team is designated a certain amount of time to answer the questions. This is the **Time Limit (in
  seconds)** shown near the bottom of the page.
- On a contestant's/team's turn, a question will be shown on the screen. **Only that contestant/team should answer that
  question**.
- To answer, **signal to the *Questioner*** that you want to answer the trivia question.
    - The contestant/team may do this in a number of ways, but ensure that the *Questioner* is aware of the signal.
    - The *Questioner* will **stop the clock** for that contestant/team to answer the question.
    - The contestant/team then have a few seconds to answer the question. **Do NOT answer the question *before* the
      Questioner has acknowledged that you are answering the question**.
        - If the contestant/team takes more than a few seconds (according to the *Questioner*'s judgement), the
          contestant/team is deemed to have answered that question **incorrectly**.
    - The contestant/team may choose to **skip** the question, but that is the same as answering the question
      **incorrectly**.
- If the contestant/team answers the question **correctly**, the clock will start for the next contestant/team. If the
  contestant/team answers the question **incorrectly**, a penalty will be given to that contestant/team and **their
  clock starts again** with a new question.
- If a contestant's/team's clock reaches **0**, the game will **pause**. That contestant/team is **out** and, when the
  next contestant/team is ready, that contestant's/team's clock will start.
- The last non-out contestant/team **wins**.

### For The *Questioner*

Here's the protocol to follow for the *Questioner* in *Chess Clock Trivia*.

- Before clicking **Start The Game!** on the *Main Device*, ensure both the *Questioner Device* and *Main Device* are
  ready.
- Once **Start The Game!** is clicked, the first question will be shown on *Main Device*. On the *Questioner Device*,
  click on **Get Next Question** to show the first question's question and answer.
- When a contestant/team signals to the *Questioner*, the *Questioner* should **stop the clock** for that
  contestant/team. That contestant/team will now have a few seconds to provide an answer.
    - Check the answer that the contestant/team provided against the answer shown on the *Questioner Device*. Decide
      whether that answer is **correct** or **incorrect**.
- If that contestant/team answers the question **correctly**, start the clock for the next contestant/team. If that
  contestant/team answers the question **incorrectly**, give a penalty to that contestant/team by clicking on
  **Deduct Time** on the *Main Device*. **That contestant's/team's clock starts again**, and a new question will be
  shown.
- If any contestant's/team's clock reaches **0**, the game will **pause** automatically. That contestant/team is
  **out** and, when the next contestant/team is ready, the *Questioner* should start that team's clock.
- The last non-out contestant/team **wins**. To save the current progress of the session, click on **Update Session on
  Server** on the *Questioner Device*. The result of the updating will be shown.
